Hello my name is Ubaldo Acosta. I hope
you're ready to begin, let's review the
general agenda of Java Server Faces
course. Are you ready? let's go. Getting
Started: Introduction to JavaServer Faces. In
this section will study an introduction
to JavaServer Faces technology. We'ill review
what JavaServer Faces is, we'll also study
the characteristics of this technology.
We'll see a 3-layer architecture and
the role of JSF in this Java
architecture. We'll see how JSF
implements the MVC (Model-View-Controller)
design pattern. We will also carry out
the installation of the tools that we
will use throughout the course and we'll
create a first HelloWorld project with
JSF. Basic Concepts: Managed Beans in
JSF. in this section we will review
the concept of managed beans in JSF, also
the scopes of the Managed Beans in JSF, both
using the JSF standard and the Java EE
standard using the concept of CDI
(Context and Dependency Injection). We'll
also see how to inject Manage Beans
dependencies with the JSF standard such
as using the standard in Java EE using
CDI. Likewise, we'll study the concept of
Expression Language (EL) in JSF and how to
apply it to our JSF pages. We'll review
the faces-config.xml file that is
the JSF configuration file and we'll do
several exercises to implement the
Managed Bean concepts in JSF. Flow
between Pages: Navigation with JSF. We'll
review the concept of navigation or flow
between JSF pages and how it is
implemented in JSF. We'll review how
to define this concept explicitly: Static Navigation using the faces-config.xml
file and in implicitly: Dynamic
Navigation, which is the form we'll use
most
often. Validation of data: Validations in
JSF. In this section we'll study the
validation issue when sending
information to the server using the JSF
forms. These are the standard validations,
validations in the methods of the
managed beans, and personalized
validations. We'll carry out an exercise to
put this concept of validators into
practice in JSF. Conversion of Data:
Conversions in JSF.
In this section we'll analyze the
concept of Conversion in JSF. The
converters cover the need to assign and
convert values between the JSF pages and
the attributes of the Managed Beans
automatically. We'll study the implicit
and explicit converters, as well as the
custom converters and we'll create an
exercise to implement the converters in
JSF. Capturing events: Management of
Events in JSF. Will see the topic of
event management in JSF. This concept
allow us to capture events when there are
changes in the JSF pages, in the view, and
execute a method in the managed bean. There are different types of events that
we can detect. One of them is the valueChangeListener and another
actionListener. We'll do several exercises to
put this concept into practice
Presentation. Facelets in JSF.
We'll review the technology of the facelets
in JSF. We'll see the
characteristics. Presentation: Facelets
in JSF. We'll review a technology
of the phase let's enjoy yourself we'll
see the characteristics of this
technology and why they are the standard
today instead of JSP's. We'll also
see the concept of templates using
Facelets and create an exercise to put
this concept into practice. Integrating
all: Real-world web application with JSF
and Java EE
We will create a web application using
JSF and integrated it with Java EE by
deploying it in a Java application
server. This application will have a
3-layer architecture and we'll
define perfectly the role of each
technology in this practical application.
JSF in the presentation layer,
integrating it with EJB in the
business layer and integrating it with
JPA in the data layer. This application
will serve as the basis for your own
Java Web and Enterprise applications
using JSF and Java EE. Broadly speaking
this is the general agenda of the JavaServer
Faces course. These are just some of the
many more topics we learned throughout
this course so if you're ready let's
start immediately :)